---
layout: post
title:  "Fellow at GWU"
date:   2023-06-15 11:59:44 -0400
---
- I am excited to announce the beginning of a new chapter in my career as a Fellow at the Global Academy of George Washington University, commencing in July 2023. During this tenure, I will be fully dedicated to advancing my book project titled "Procreation for the sake of the nation." The book asks a question, why one would get married and have a child in a situation when one's homeland is at war, fiancé is hunted by enemy forces, public services are shuttered, and there are from little to no possibility to earn a living… 
As I observed personally, many Chechens were opting to have a family during the 1994-1996 war with Russia that was destroying this small region in the North Caucasus. The pattern repeated during the second, even more brutal Russo-Chechen war in 1999-2009. 
This predisposition to have family and children that I noticed in war-torn Chechnya is confirmed by the available scholarly estimates of birth rates in Chechnya during the war and post-war demographic statistics. Statistical analysis confirms the tendency of demographic growth in Chechnya, which is striking and anomalous in the context of the general population decline in the Russian Federation. According to censuses and estimates, the Chechen nation grows 5-10% faster than even the neighboring North Caucasian ethnic groups, that live in similarly urbanized and almost the same economic, religious, and sociocultural environments. I attribute this phenomenon to the war-related loss, which constituted up to 20% of the Chechen population. 
