---
layout: post
title:  "WHO AM I?"
date:   2023-05-24 11:59:44 -0400
---
- Since July 2023, I start serving as a Fellow at the Global Academy at George Washington University, following my previous positions as a Visiting Assistant Professor at Miami University of Ohio and Post-doctoral fellow at Vilnius University. At Miami University, my primary focus lied in teaching Russian domestic and foreign politics, where I leverage the latest political, economic, and social analyses to provide students with up-to-date knowledge and valuable insights. 

- As a Post-doctoral fellow at Vilnius University, together with Professor Violeta Davoliute, I explored memories of the Chechens in Europe and the US about the wars in Chechnya. I was interested in the mechanisms that allow transmitting the memories to the next generations and the outcome of this transmission. Chechen volunteers fighting today for Ukraine's freedom can be considered as such. 

- Prior to my tenure at Miami University, I held a post-doctoral position at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where I collaborated closely with Professor Yoshiko Herrera. Together, we delved into the intricacies of memory politics in Chechnya and conducted analyses on post-Soviet Russia's strategies of warfare.

- My research interests extend across the geographical regions of post-Soviet space. I explore diverse subjects such as conflict and post-conflict development, political demography, autocratic legitimation, religious governance and radicalization, migrants' identity, and memory politics.

- Currently, I am deeply engaged in the creation of my debut book, which draws inspiration from my Ph.D. dissertation and is greatly influenced by my firsthand experiences during the first Russo-Chechen war. Within this book, I undertake a comprehensive analysis of the procreative motivations of Chechens in times of war, shedding light on this unique aspect of their experiences.

- I earned my Ph.D. from the School of International Relations at the University of St Andrews, where I had the privilege of closely collaborating with Professor Rick Fawn and Dr. Jeffrey Murer. Additionally, I hold two MAs—one in Caucasus Studies from Ilia State University in Georgia, and another in Diplomacy and International Relations from Vilnius University in Lithuania. These diverse academic experiences have profoundly enriched my understanding of the subject matter and have fostered a multidisciplinary approach to my work.



